docs: update AppKit terminology to Reown across documentation (#738)
reown-com/reown-docs: appkit/flutter/core/usage.mdx

## Custom Buttons

> If you'd like, you can also override Reown's buttons by using the `custom:` property as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like, you can also override Reown Appkit's buttons by using the `custom:` property as follows
```
